Enhance HCP Packer documentation with run task configuration details (#2697)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/packer/store/validate-version.mdx

You can manually validate artifacts using the Sentinel policy-as-code framework or set up the HCP Terraform run task for HCP Packer to automatically validate artifact versions. 

- **Manual validation**: To manually validate artifacts, define a Sentinel policy that checks for revoked artifacts.

> - **Automatic validation**: Set up the HCP Terraform run task for HCP Packer to check your Terraform configuration references for revoked artifacts and configure how the run task responds to untracked images. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Automatic validation**: Set up and configure the HCP Terraform run task for HCP Packer to check your Terraform configuration references for revoked artifacts.```

The HCP Terraform run task for HCP Packer directs HCP Packer to check for references to revoked artifacts in your Terraform configuration during Terraform operations. The run task fails if it detects resources that reference revoked artifacts. 

> You can also configure how the run task responds to specific scenarios during a Terraform run. Visit the **Run task** settings page to configure the HCP Packer Run Task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also configure how the run task responds to specific scenarios during a Terraform run. Visit the **Run task** settings page to configure the HCP Packer run task.
```

> You can also configure how the run task responds when it detects an untracked image during a Terraform run. Use the **Run task** settings page in HCP Packer to choose whether the run task warns or blocks when it cannot verify the image in your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure how the run task responds to specific scenarios during a Terraform run. Visit the **Run task** settings page to configure the HCP Packer Run Task.
```

### Set up the HCP Terraform run task for HCP Packer 

1. Open the HCP Packer homepage and click **Integrate with HCP Terraform**.
1. When prompted, copy the values in the **Endpoint URL** and **HMAC Key** fields. These values are required to create the run task in HCP Terraform.
1. Complete the instructions described in the HCP Terraform documentation for [creating a run task](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks#creating-a-run-task) and [associating run tasks with a workspace](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks#associating-run-tasks-with-a-workspace).

> ### Configure run task behavior for untracked images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure run task behavior
```

> After you associate the HCP Packer run task with your HCP Terraform workspace, you can configure how HCP Packer responds when it detects an untracked image during a Terraform run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you associate the HCP Packer run task with your HCP Terraform workspace, you can configure how HCP Packer responds to certain scenarios during a Terraform run.
```

<Note>

> Configurable run tasks are available in beta on the Standard Pricing Tier. We recommend you test this feature in non-production workspaces first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
@include 'beta-feature.mdx'
```
You don't have to use it, but there is a standard beta statement available. If you choose to keep this. one, I would revise the second sentence to "Do not use beta features in production environments."  to match the standard beta callout used elsewhere.

Reviewer: We want to include the line on Standard Pricing tier, so I am wondering if we use the standard message and then add another note about the pricing tier ? Or if there is standard message available for mentioning pricing tier, happy to use that

Reviewer: I used the standard message followed by a note.

> Untracked image handling is available in beta. We recommend you test this feature in non-production workspaces first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configurable run tasks are available in beta on the Standard Pricing Tier. We recommend you test this feature in non-production workspaces first. 
```

</Note>

> 

Reviewer: Mark it as an example

> 1. Sign into the [HCP portal](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/), choose your organization and project, and click **Packer** in the **Services** menu.

Reviewer: should all the steps say `1.`

> 1. Sign into the [HCP portal](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/), choose your organization and project, and click **Packer** in the **Services** menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Sign into the [HCP portal](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/), then choose your organization.
1. Choose your project, then click **Packer** in the **Services** menu.
```
Ideally, one action per step but no more than two.

> 1. Click **Run task**.

Reviewer: Mention if you are on Standard Pricing tier then you should see Run Tasks option under Settings

1. In the **Untracked Image** section, choose one of the following options:
  - **Warn**: Notify the user but allow the deployment to proceed.
  - **Block**: Block the deployment until a verified image is used.
1. Click **Save** to apply the setting.

> Choose **Warn** when you want to report untracked images without interrupting deployments. Choose **Block** when you want to enforce deployments that only use images tracked in HCP Packer.

Reviewer: Mention Blocking will only work if the HCP Packer run task is configured as mandatory in HCP Terraform
